# Event-pool

Our current online event brands are TinTinMeeting, TinTinAMA, TinTinWeekly, Rust Room, Job Fair, Community Discussions &amp; Sharing Events, TinTin Web3 Bounty Challenge Cup; and offline event brands are TinTin DESTINATION MOON, Community &amp; Student Offline events are TinTin DESTINATION MOON, Community &amp; Learners Meetup. You can check out TinTinLand's past events here!

## Online Activities
Technology Related:
- **[TinTin Meeting](TinTinMeeting.md)** is a live online column opened by TinTinLand, focusing on the field of blockchain technology, inviting industry technical experts as well as participants to discuss the practical experience and construction effectiveness of blockchain technology, aiming to provide developers with new ideas and solutions for blockchain development.
- **[Rust Chatroom](RustChatroom.md)** is a regular bi-weekly online event co-promoted by TinTinLand and Rust.CC. Focusing on practical case sharing and programming skills, Rust developers are invited to share the latest application cases and programming tips with the hosts, as well as presenting the latest news and information in the Rust field. In addition, online listeners can join in the discussion to promote the development and exchange of the Rust community. This is a must-attend Rust networking event that brings cutting-edge insights and inspiration to Rust developers at every event.
- **[TinTin Web3 Bounty Challenge Cup](TinTinWeb3BountyChallengeCup.md)** series of events, organized on a monthly basis, a Bounty Task Challenge. Each event TinTinLand will organize developers to participate in the Bug Bounty Tasks launched by well-known projects, all for the developers to find potential development track, but also for the injection of fresh blood into the major public chains.
Industry Hotspots:
- **[TinTin Weekly](TinTinWeekly.md)** is a new online roundtable and talk show hosted by TinTinLand. We will focus on the cutting edge of the crypto industry, select hot topics every week, and invite relevant project owners, developers, investors, researchers and other guests to explore the new technology, new market and new wind mouth of the Web3 industry with all Web3ers through roundtable and free interaction.
- **[TinTin AMA](TinTinAMA.md)** is an online event launched by TinTinLand. From time to time, we will invite guests from Web3 startups to be our guests. Through the interactive Q&A format, the hosts will ask the guests various questions so that the community can learn more about these exciting projects. From technological innovation to vision, we will explore the stories and concepts behind these projects and help you gain insight into the future of the blockchain industry.
- **[TinTin Community Discussion & Sharing](TinTinCommunityDiscussion&Sharing.md)** is a live online program run by TinTinLand. From time to time, members of the community are invited to discuss recent hot industry events and topics and share their own experiences through online discussion & sharing, all of which provide a channel for community members to communicate and get to know each other.
Industry Job Fair
- **[TinTin Job Fair](TinTinJobFair.md)** is a green channel for students, internet professionals and blockchain developers to find jobs in the blockchain industry in the TinTinLand developer community. TinTinLand invites regional leaders of major public chains and founders of various projects to participate in the fair as guests, sharing the latest and most cutting-edge technologies in the industry with our job seekers and providing a platform for job seekers and applicants to communicate with each other. At the same time, we will also invite Web3 projects with a large number of JDs to come to recruit, show their projects and recruitment needs, and build a communication bridge between job seekers and Web3 projects.

## Offline Events
- **[TinTin DESTINATION MOON](TinTinDESTINATIONMOON.md)** is a series of offline events launched by TinTinLand. We are committed to creating an inspiring and resonant communication platform. Each event focuses on Web3-related topics and invites industry experts to explore the cutting-edge dynamics, new technologies and market trends of the Web3 industry through round-table conversations and free interactions. In addition to in-depth exchanges, we also prepare fun games and interactive sessions for you, so that you can make friends with like-minded people in a relaxed and enjoyable way.
- The Community & Learners Offline Meetup event is an offline gathering that brings together members of the technical community and learners to promote communication, learning and cooperation. At this event, participants can share experiences, exchange ideas, and build meaningful relationships with like-minded people.
- If you want to learn about ecology and industry trends, you can pay more attention to TinTinWeekly, TinTin AMA, TinTin DESTINATION MOON, if you want to learn technical dry stuff, you can pay more attention to TinTin Meeting, Rust nattering room, and if you want to communicate more with the community members, discussing the recent hotspots together and participating in the If you want to communicate with community members, discuss recent hotspots and participate in recent Bounty, you can pay attention to TinTin Community Topic Discussions & Sharing Activities and TinTin Web3 Bounty Challenge Cup, if you want to get employed in Web3, or post jobs, you can pay attention to TinTin Job Fair.
